[Turbo] Add TurboFrame service to detect Turbo Frame requests (#3462)
symfony/ux: src/Turbo/CHANGELOG.md

## 3.1.0

- Add a minimal layout for Turbo Frame responses, allowing `head` content like meta tags to work properly
- Add `TurboFrame` service methods and Twig functions to detect Turbo Frame requests

## 3.1.0

> - Add `TurboFrame` service methods and Twig functions to detect Turbo Frame requests

Reviewer: duplicated:
```suggestion
```

Author: Fixed

## 3.1.0

- Add a minimal layout for Turbo Frame responses, allowing `head` content like meta tags to work properly

> - Add `TurboFrame` service methods and Twig functions to detect Turbo Frame requests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add `TurboFrame` service method and Twig functions `ux_turbo_is_frame_request()`/`ux_turbo_frame_request_id()` to detect Turbo Frame requests
```

Author: Fixed
